Update RPC reference (#90)
MetaMask/mm-docs-v2: wallet/reference/rpc-api.md

:::

Methods in the API playground may have the following tags:

- **MetaMask** - These methods behave in ways specific to MetaMask, and may or may not be supported
  by other wallets.
  Some of these methods are documented in more detail on this page.
- **Restricted** - These methods are [restricted](#restricted-methods), which require requesting
  permission using [`wallet_requestPermissions`](#walletrequestpermissions).
- **Mobile** - These methods are only available on MetaMask Mobile.

For more information on the standard Ethereum RPC methods, see the
[Ethereum wiki](https://eth.wiki/json-rpc/API#json-rpc-methods).

:::note
All RPC method requests can return errors.
Make sure to handle errors for every call to
[`window.ethereum.request(args)`](provider-api.md#windowethereumrequest--args-).
:::

## Restricted methods

MetaMask introduced web3 wallet permissions in [EIP-2255](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2255).
In this permissions system, each RPC method is restricted or unrestricted.
If a method is restricted, the caller must request permission to call it using
[`wallet_requestPermssions`](#walletrequestpermissions).

> Under the hood, permissions are plain, JSON-compatible objects, with fields that are mostly used

Reviewer: Not sure this sentence adds any value. Can probably remove?

internally by MetaMask.

> Unrestricted methods have no corresponding permission, but they might still rely on permissions to

Reviewer: Should this info go in the unrestricted section?

succeed (for example, the signing methods require calling the restricted
[`eth_accounts`](https://metamask.github.io/api-playground/api-documentation/#eth_accounts) method),
or they might require confirmation by the user (for example,
[`wallet_addEthereumChain`](#walletaddethereumchain)).

Outside of [Snaps restricted methods](../../snaps/reference/rpc-api#restricted-methods), the only
restricted method is
[`eth_accounts`](https://metamask.github.io/api-playground/api-documentation/#eth_accounts), which
allows you to access the user's Ethereum accounts.
More restricted methods will be added in the future.

## Unrestricted methods

The following are some MetaMask-specific unrestricted methods.
For the full list of MetaMask JSON-RPC API methods, see the
[API playground](https://metamask.github.io/api-playground/api-documentation/).

### eth_requestAccounts

Requests that the user provide an Ethereum address to be identified by.
Use this method to [access a user's accounts](../get-started/access-accounts.md).

This method is specified by [EIP-1102](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1102).

:::info

> Under the hood, this method calls [`wallet_requestPermissions`](#walletrequestpermissions) for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally, this method calls [`wallet_requestPermissions`](#walletrequestpermissions) for
```
